3. take in to account of portion size
4. Later on find some way to incorporate avaialbe ingredients in to the planning
5. have a siddebar that allows drag and drop of meals on the the calendar, on second thought not sure wif we need this
6. In my meals need to allow users to edit the meal by either the edit button or pressin on the box
7. The share to comunity should be a slider icon not a checkbox icon.
8. For the Meal Details only show the name, cook time, calroeis and ingredients. then show the details when the user clicks on to it.  
12. When adding a meal and selctimng ad to co,munity throuhg my meal it should add back to my meal as well not just the to community
13. The meals descriptimng should open up when the meal clip is pressed in meals.
14. Favroites bar should be above Available Meals in Meal Details 
15. have an add friend by sharing a userid
16. when you press ingredients the "freinds" tab ont eh top dissapears
17. After saving and closing the calendart goes dark and freezes
18. allow upload image
19. Needs to be unit pounds in the add new ingredients
19. based on the ingreidienst bea ablt to tell whcih meals youy can make. for now oly impeent in the community meals and add a check box to filter. 
22. Feed page
23. Groups (To join to share receipes)
24. Need a admin mode maybe as super user? Basically allow admin to moderate the community posts
25. ✅ When a meal is added to my meals from the community don't jump straight back to my meals just close it and show the community meals again.
27. Still need to implement the function where users can favorite meals
28. Friends' Meal Plans: Don't need to show everything, show today's meals on the clip, and if the user clicks on the clip expand it to show weekly, and have a circle with a plus inside to expand and show the entire month.
29. ✅ Need to be able to delete planned meals
30. ✅ In the community meals we don't need a show full detail button just show the full detail.
31. ✅ Meal Details for my meals should not have to be collapsed, just have it expanded.